ADD CONFIG.JS TO .GITIGNORE TO PROTECT API KEY - HOW DO I ENSURE LIVE SITE CAN ACCESS THIS?

1. adjust stock page to allow -/+ to be clicked a few times before triggering autosave. When either has been clicked once (when stock level has been adjusted), a new "save" or "update" button - same horizontal level as "Card Inventory Management" but on the opposite side - appears and is how the user triggers the save for any changes.

2. on stock page, when hovering over card, change the border glow colour to match that of the domain of the card (fury = red, calm = green, mind = blue, body = orange, chaos = purple, order = yelow).

3. Cards that are considered "low stock" should also appear in filters for "in stock".

4. change styling of filter dropdowns so that text is readable. currently white background with light grey text.

5. if possible, allow two domains to be selected in the filter (even if a second domain dropdown needs to be added - domain 1 / domain 2).

6. Initial page load shows "All" products selection but even items in stock are not presented. this first page should show all "in stock" and "low stock" items. the out-of-stock toggle is off by default, but when this is toggled on, out-of-stock items should also be displayed.

7. improve readability of stock status (background currently blurred but is often obfuscated by the underlying card art).

8. change on hover effect for cards from the increased scaling of size to a dynamic 3d effect that imitates a shiny card reflecting light (effect was present in previous versions of the project but has been lost along the way).

9. expand inventory admin page to allow for adding/amending/removing sealed products, accessories and 3d prints.

10. add placeholder icon for discord server (not yet created, hence placeholder).

11. add shopping basket, checkout features - utilise free 3rd party services. This includes selecting a quantity and "add to basket" button on in stock items.

12. for items that are out-of-stock, replace the "add to basket" button with a "notify me" button. user can enter email for that specific product or utilise login details to create a virtual wishlist (features not yet implemented) 

13. check "contact us" page works with netlify function - change to something else if required.

14. remove "notify me" from contact page and instead include it on out-of-stock items. 

15. expand jsonbin inventory to allow for sealed products, accessories and 3d prints - preferably all one file, or not? What's best practice (consider implications on inventory admin page).

16. investigate methods to autonomously lookup market values for single cards (cardmarket, ebay, etc.) and make suggested price changes to help maintain competitive pricing.

17. add user logins and virtual wishlist features. track user spend habits.

18. add feature to expand card art to full screen (modal?) when clicked.

19. provide method for logged in users to import a decklist from somewhere like piltoverarchive.com to create a shopping list of required items. User can access their lists and check off cards they own, be provided with a quick method for adding in stock cards from their wishlist to their shopping basket, as well as getting alerts for cards in their wishlist that are currently out-of-stock.

20. price alerts for logged in users - set a desired price for a card, get alerted when that price is met or undercut.